Resources/doc/index.md, before:

Installation
============

Prerequisites
-------------

This bundle requires Symfony 2.1+

### Bower (required)

In order to use this bundle you have to install bower

[Bower Documentation](http://twitter.github.com/bower/)

Installation
------------

1. Download SpBowerBundle using composer
2. Enable the Bundle
3. Configure the bundle
4. Installing bower dependencies
5. Use the installed assets in your templates
6. Add composer scripts for automatic update of dependencies

### Step 1: Download SpBowerBundle using composer

Add SpBowerBundle in your composer.json:

```js
{
    "require": {
        "sp/bower-bundle": "*"
    }
}
```

Now tell composer to download the bundle by running the command:

``` bash
$ php composer.phar update sp/bower-bundle
```

Composer will install the bundle to your project's `vendor/sp` directory.

### Step 2: Enable the bundle

Enable the bundle in the kernel:

``` php
<?php
// app/AppKernel.php

public function registerBundles()
{
    $bundles = array(
        // ...
        new Sp\BowerBundle\SpBowerBundle(),
    );
}
```

### Step 3: Configure the SpBowerBundle

Enable bower dependency management for your bundles in the ```config.yml``` file.

```yml
# app/config/config.yml
sp_bower:
    bundles:
        YourBundle: ~
```

### Step 4: Installing bower dependencies

Place your ```component.json``` in the config directory, the default value for the config dir is ```$yourBundle/Resources/config/bower```.

#### Example:
```json
{
    "dependencies": {
        "jquery": "~1.8.2"
    }
}
```

Now run the command ```app/console sp:bower:install``` to install all the necessary
dependencies in the asset directory ```$yourBundle/Resources/public```.

### Step 5: Use the installed assets in your templates

This bundle registers all installed bower assets automatically for you.

Lets say you have the following dependencies defined

```json
# AcmeDemoBundle/Resources/config/bower/component.json
{
    "dependencies": {
        "bootstrap": "latest"
    }
}
```

then you can use them in your templates (or wherever you need them) like this

```twig
{% javascripts
    "@bootstrap_js" %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ asset_url }}" />
{% endjavascripts %}
{% stylesheets
    "@bootstrap_css" %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ asset_url }}" />
{% endstylesheets %}
```

**Note**:
> If you don't want this bundle to automatically register the assets, you can disable this behavior by setting
> ```register_assets``` to false

**Warning**:
> Your site may be slowed down if you enabled ```use_controller``` in the assetic bundle and
> ```register_assets``` in this bundle.

### Step 6: Add composer scripts for automatic update of dependencies

```json
{
   "scripts": {
       "post-install-cmd": [
           "Sp\\BowerBundle\\Composer\\ScriptHandler::bowerInstall"
       ],
       "post-update-cmd": [
           "Sp\\BowerBundle\\Composer\\ScriptHandler::bowerInstall"
       ]
   }
}
```

### Next Steps

- [Configuration Reference](configuration_reference.md)

Commit message:

Updated readme to cover installation of dependencies during cache warmup.

Resources/doc/index.md, after:

Installation
============

Prerequisites
-------------

This bundle requires Symfony 2.1+

### Bower (required)

In order to use this bundle you have to install bower

[Bower Documentation](http://twitter.github.com/bower/)

Installation
------------

1. Download SpBowerBundle using composer
2. Enable the Bundle
3. Configure the bundle
4. Installing bower dependencies
5. Use the installed assets in your templates
6. Add composer scripts for automatic update of dependencies
7. Installing dependencies on every cache warmup

### Step 1: Download SpBowerBundle using composer

Add SpBowerBundle in your composer.json:

```js
{
    "require": {
        "sp/bower-bundle": "*"
    }
}
```

Now tell composer to download the bundle by running the command:

``` bash
$ php composer.phar update sp/bower-bundle
```

Composer will install the bundle to your project's `vendor/sp` directory.

### Step 2: Enable the bundle

Enable the bundle in the kernel:

``` php
<?php
// app/AppKernel.php

public function registerBundles()
{
    $bundles = array(
        // ...
        new Sp\BowerBundle\SpBowerBundle(),
    );
}
```

### Step 3: Configure the SpBowerBundle

Enable bower dependency management for your bundles in the ```config.yml``` file.

```yml
# app/config/config.yml
sp_bower:
    bundles:
        YourBundle: ~
```

### Step 4: Installing bower dependencies

Place your ```component.json``` in the config directory, the default value for the config dir is ```$yourBundle/Resources/config/bower```.

#### Example:
```json
{
    "dependencies": {
        "jquery": "~1.8.2"
    }
}
```

Now run the command ```app/console sp:bower:install``` to install all the necessary
dependencies in the asset directory ```$yourBundle/Resources/public```.

### Step 5: Use the installed assets in your templates

This bundle registers all installed bower assets automatically for you.

Lets say you have the following dependencies defined

```json
# AcmeDemoBundle/Resources/config/bower/component.json
{
    "dependencies": {
        "bootstrap": "latest"
    }
}
```

then you can use them in your templates (or wherever you need them) like this

```twig
{% javascripts
    "@bootstrap_js" %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ asset_url }}" />
{% endjavascripts %}
{% stylesheets
    "@bootstrap_css" %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ asset_url }}" />
{% endstylesheets %}
```

**Note**:
> If you don't want this bundle to automatically register the assets, you can disable this behavior by setting
> ```register_assets``` to false

**Warning**:
> Your site may be slowed down if you enabled ```use_controller``` in the assetic bundle and
> ```register_assets``` in this bundle.

### Step 6: Add composer scripts for automatic update of dependencies

```json
{
   "scripts": {
       "post-install-cmd": [
           "Sp\\BowerBundle\\Composer\\ScriptHandler::bowerInstall"
       ],
       "post-update-cmd": [
           "Sp\\BowerBundle\\Composer\\ScriptHandler::bowerInstall"
       ]
   }
}
```

### Step 7: Installing dependencies on every cache warmup

If you want to install/update all bower dependencies during the warmup, you must set ```install_on_warmup``` to true

```yml
# app/config/config.yml
sp_bower:
    install_on_warmup: true
```

### Next Steps

- [Configuration Reference](configuration_reference.md)
